You.
You are the printed tape that my mother gave me.
Now you are far away from the American fruit brand
There is only satellite I can use.
You dare touch him with your dirty feet?
You bastard, you dare to hit me.
But stop and see if he doesn't hurt anymore.
What else to look at?
Quickly throw this shrew out to me.
Go away!
Call Ms. Lam for dinner.
Can you shoulder this responsibility?
Don't you dare touch him.
What's going on?
Uncle, you're here.
These two bastards.
A person pretending to be Ms. Lam Dai.
A person pretending to be the heir to Phu Giap came to form a troublemaking team.
I chased them away.
They beat me.
You must be the master for me.
Why do you let me see clearly in your dog's eyes?
I am the guardian of the universe.
Let Ray volunteer to meet me.
You even dare to call manager Ray's name.
Lie, you didn't ask clearly.
Director Vuong
Hurry up and take these two fake goods.
Get me out of here.
The eldest lady rest assured.
I'll deal with these two pieces of trash right now.
Go round them up for me.
Listen, what you're dealing with is...
Director of Long Xuyen Hotel Vuong Phu Quy
Welcome.
Vuong Phu Quy.
I miss you already.
Good job.
Long Xuyen hotel management position in the future
There is a part of you.
Thank you.
Invite the young lady to come and dine.
Wait.